{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 shooting, don't. I went to film school in Hollywood.. I hear you. \
Correctly, you're trying to be into the videos, right? Yeah. So, I'm like texting like, you know, help, like logistically, like, put it all together, like, you know, like, getting the right cameras there for a certain look, the right? \
man just, like, coming up with the overall five, you know what I'm saying?, I can with fashion on it. We need models, you know what I'm? Locations, you know what I'm saying? \
stuff like that. Can you, yeah, what you said is a very good point, fashion. Like, can you get us some stuff like that people can wear something, not buying it, we can't give it back outoors, you know, this kind of stuff. have some stuff. \
Yeah, no. want to make different kind of videos and we need some special clothing, you know, and we're not going to keep that shit, you know? We just need for the video, then we'll give it back. Yeah, I'm tapping in with the Ruby and all the big fashion houses out here, so it's Yeah, not a bunch of fashion people. \
It's cool, man. It's cool. Yeah. \
Man, this dog is smaller than the cats.. This is. Let's small dog, man. \
It's, man. You see the other dog looks like everyone's size. Yeah. \
It's crazy, man. a little giant. Oh, that crazy. Holy shit, man. \
Yeah, I' inside, edited, everything. This is your? Yeah, yeah. \
Yes. So, I should. Shoot for light. solders, soldier, Paradise. \
This is LA Reed. So, he just did a song with Usher. So you did the video. \
I come up with the treatment. He does the location. Okay. \
I get the cameras, I get the man. What? I go shoot it. \
I edit it. We need a good location, man. Did you tell about what do you want to do?. \
Let me hear it from you, though. What you tell me about.. Uh. \
Yeah, well. You ain't gotta make it sound perfect just like, you know, just like, throw it Th the ideas out there. Yeah, just throw what you. \
Like spaghetti. Some of them. I imagine it's a big thinking. \
We want to create unique stuff. Everything that we're gonna put there should be unique. So in terms of location and script and everything, we want to be really creative with that. \
Yeah, we have some really good ideas. We already brainsted a little bit, so we've got some good ideas, but for now we need a little short, like a little introduction, right? And 20, 30 seconds left London. \
Yeah. So what should be involved is a car, like a supercar, really nice slashy car. How many tigers? \
Just one tiger. It's ager. Yeah. me one of those. \
You know we're gonna get a tiger? Yeah, I think so. Yeah, me too. \
I was just making sure. Yeah. You don't think we can get tigers? \
I'm like, bro, I'll get you bank you want. You don't know this yet, man. We We got the city on track. \
And then you have we have to talk a little bit about it. How do you imagine that? I have some ideas which would involve also a girl for the intro video. \
Yeah, for an intro video, yeah. Well girl? What would you like to say in the intro video? \
Let's start there. Not much. I would what point do you want to get across? \
Is this the type of Just like like um.. Is this the type of video that go in front of every single one of your videos? Like it would come in? \
No, no, no. This video will never be posted online. This is only to send to the people. \
Okay. Who should work with us so let us see who is this person. They won.. \
Okay, so this is. Yeah, so proofy character character the damn name. Yeah. \
It's like a document to get involved. Exactly. Exactly. \
In which you go all out in a short burst just to show where you're willing to go. that type of thing all the time, you know, ideas and stuff. Like We have to think of a role. I have to play a role. \
I have to be a certain person. You have to make a kid. And alone with that with that pitch, I mean, that video, there has to be a couple of pitched documents, you know, that's, you know, kind of like scripting out what you do. \
You got certain pictures showing the vibe and aesthetic, you're going for, you know what I'm saying? You want to already be able to like show people where it kind of role you would be in certain means just off the pitch. So they could see in the role Get some ideas, yeah. \
What do you say? Well, I mean, I. You have good ideas. I really like my Rolls Royce with the girls within the Numchucks in the doves coming out of the trench coat with the fireworks in the background, with the baby tiger, and basically. \
A flying off fireworks is... little spinny ones with the fire. I like that idea. The only way I would change it is I would take the nunchucks out and I would put the flamethrower guns in.. \
Okay, two flame gun on the side. Perfect. They played out. flamethrower guns. \
They're shooting them off. Yes. So in that case, we don't need any firework. \
Well, they're the car not in the car. No, they're outside. The car is in the middle. \
You, two girls. You get out the car, boom, doves, boom. Yeah. \
Fire, boom. I mean, it's just flat and like, and just basically you be like, I want to interview you in your character, whoever your character is, or something like that. And then you'd be like, so.'s like you're to me. \
But it doesn't have to be that. You know what I'm saying. I that it has to be sunny day. convertible would be good. \
Okay. Maybe desert. I see all that happening in like in and on you sitting down, like wherever you. \
Look, we're gonna have a closed shot at the beginning. Me in the car, just driving it in front, like, really cool, like, flash and stuff and everybody thinks like this guy is cocky, as shit, you know? And me and coming out of the car and like, after that, like, it's stumble up that. \
So make people laugh. Like, you know, it cannot be too cocky, people People say, okay, it's still a humble guy.. It's comedic. \
Yeah, it's that setup Okay, I love that. I want the coolest spot, but then I fuck it up. You down or something. \
Yeah, you never know what's going to happen next. Yeah, yeah. I about esc people want to expect that. \
That's funny. And yeah, and afterwards, what's your say, but we have to see how we can really bring this. Yeah, it doesn't have to be that. \
I just want it to be something amazing. I want people to get like, that this is going to be, like the craziest podcast's gonna be the craziest conversation. It's going to be something they've never experienced. \
I mean, we bring all of this in 20, 30 seconds. But what we should bring is that it's an interesting character. To everything else, that it's really something. \
And how do you see your outfit? How are you getting out of your car? What outfit are you in? \
Something really, like crazy. Something really, morally exaggerated. Not a flashy.. \
Flash, but like, I mean much too much. I'sgerated. a lot of. What's this guy's name? \
I like this guy's this rapper but he's not doing anything anymore. He was once big. What's his name? \
You don't know a big song about? Yeah, yeah, wait, wait. I have him here safe somewhere. \
Um. Well, anything in the category, I got. Trin James. \
Trin James, you know? Do you want to? Yeah, I like that. \
In the one all goal everything. know this one? Yeah, of course. Yeah, I love this one. \
Yeah,. Like, yeah, this kind of stuff. Perfect. \
Yeah, very gaudy. Very chain, very fur coat, very big hat, big glasses, big, everything, just wow. And then you just fall. \
All the chains fall off, everything down. You know what I'm saying? You know what I mean, it's something this direction now. \
Imagine you had a chain that was so big and you got out, it was like, dragging, but you like, stepped on it, and that's what made you fall. If we just go this flashing sink, people were saying, what is this culky guy? I don't want to do this, you know? \
So it' because he said, who is this guy? Yeah. Like, I don't know anything about him.. \
So we can't's. He too cocky. It doesn't work. \
Well, I'm a newmer. I have to be humble. We have to do something. \
Also, like the idea of a magic. Have you ever seen that ad where the guy's like walking and it's like different things are happening and he's like doing different things. That's what I'm imagining. \
That's what I'm imagining. being like, you you. I like somebody put a shirt. But your environment being a grandios, but you just being you. \
Like, like washed out, man. We too often. This is like I was the way. \
It was like 15, 20 years ago. This was like 15, 20 years ago, man. This was to be 15, man. \
Talk that shit. All right. I see where it's going, yes. \
It has to be something. I just want you to just sp.. Like, the world's most interesting man type shit.. \
I say we keep it crazy, but simple at the same time. Yeah, it has to be. I like that your idea of bringing the, you know, bringing the idea of you're like a flashy can, but you're also a comical. \
Yeah, yeah. I think when you go from a drum shot of you driving to establish the location and then cut inside the car to you driving and you're pulling up to the location. I I got a drummer. \
I think you should damn hop out. Maybe the baby tiger situation is like, you got it on the leash. I'm holding. \
Or you're.'s. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. \
And then There's different stages of Baby tiger. We like super baby. We don't want a guy. \
Right. Give him some edibles. Yeah, some. \
That's true. We do have Shiba, if all of that. That is too small. \
Yeah. I mean. Because his company's called Tiger Nation. \
That's the name of. So definitely. Oh, you know would be sick? \
Because if you had a tiger printed fur? Yeah, I would like to have something like a black and orange. Yeah, black and yellow, something like that. that's my hometown colors. probably a black color. \
Probably black and yellow. Ben Harard Tigers. I'll say probably black and yellow because they the jewelry match the coat. \
Yes. Because you can wear. It's gold. \
Okay, fine. Black and yellow. If you find like golden stuff, get him on. \
And black stuff. So get a yellow Ferrari with what's it called? I know where to get the Ferrari. \
Can you get like, like a. Yes, the answer is yours. I. No, like, like.'s got my back. \
If I can't get it. Like a La Ferrari, for example? Yeah, of course. \
Like a limited, we go tomorrow. Yeah. Not like just a normal. \
Yeah, no. stock Ferra some superhero shit. A lot Ferrari or. shit that you're gonna hate to pay the day price for, that type of shit. Yeah. \
That shit. Yes, I can take you tomorrow and Or I can Bugatti or something, man. Yeah, okay, maybe not that far.. \
Hey, bro, not Ferraris just as difficult, man. It's worth eight million, not Ferrari. Yeah, but, I mean, it's not going to be easier. \
I know where to go. I know where to go. Hey, look, you remember in June, there was Har show. \
There was a car show on the in Beverly Hills. Yeah, the Beverly Hills Aobon. Yeah, I was there. \
The Malibu Aubon. They had so many limited cars there. No. \
I was on the highway.! Everybody was fucking biking, bro. The Ferrari Enzo. \
Ferrari Enzo. I've seen it. Yeah. 2003 models. \
It's one of the greatest car of all time. They're all from here. I know. \
They're all belong for people for today. I know that she was insane. It's so insane that when you just point it down there, I knew what you were talking about. \
She was crazy. Like, that shit's crazy, bro. Yeah, I didn't even know that shit was happening. \
I pull up in the MX5 competition, BMW Big Body joint, and then everybody's there. And then everybody starts speeding. I'm like, yo, where everybody going? \
start following everybody. We on the highway, 20 deep with supercars on some need for speech. I'm going 150, 160. \
Nah, shouldn't in a movie, bro. Nah, it sounds right. No, it was a movie, bro. \
Nobody even got any foot. was like. She doesn't No, that sounds. That's how it's supposed to be. \
All right, so boom. Um. So, yeah, I like these ideas. \
I like these ideas. So, it sounds like, what are we location? I say desert, because no, somewhere, you know, this is somewhere here. \
You don't have to go to far far. You know, Fast is Mor is right there. Just in front of a mansion or something. \
Oh, okay, good. I mean, we have this view upstairs. There's a terrace upstairs. \
Like, for this video, we don't have to go too crazy, actually. Yeah. So they have to be too crazy because it's do it quickly. \
If we now go to crazy that's what we do and it's going to be like one month. Okay, I feel like at this point let's think in terms of logistics. What are the things we need on location to make it happen? \
We need a car. First of all. Can we brought this down somewhere? \
I'm recording it. Yeah, he's gone. So number one is the car. \
Okay? Number two, the question is, who's going to be there? Who's going to be on camera? \
How many people? What are they doing? It would just be you on camera, right? \
Oh, is it some other people, right? I mean, I would love to be a part of your content. I would love to be a side character your shit. \
Yeah, that would be surp. We'd have to think about what's the other characters I'm doing. who you want to interview first? I want to do Kevin Hart. \
Like, no, I'm saying for this one. It's not. It's just an introduction. \
It's just 20 seconds here, okay. We used to get those people at. But then I feel like, we should do like three crazy scenes, like one in a hot air balloon, one it a mansion, one, whatever, just to show, we're doing diverse, diverse. air landing water? \
Yeah, like an air landing water thing where it's like, anything can happen, like, and we're gonna take it there and this is going to be because the I see. And we' again at the other level, man.. And then go to submarines and the water. \
But that was, bro, if you do an interview with G. Oh, that type of stuff? Michael Jordan in a submarine, bro, that shit's. I' in the tank in the tank. \
Oh, bro. We shoot this video and all that stuff is what we put in the Peace document to accompany the video. See what I'm saying? \
We put all that in the pitch document. Like, you know, Yeah, I have an idea, man. How long we do like that? \
We should make it, like you said, different vehicles, like in a car or something. And at the beginning, show me like very cool and stuff There's a girl will by And how it hurt because I knew she cat. Very much not most of the way, you know, we got prediction. \
I like, I had to get a second opinion.m like That's I go out and I stumble and I fall down and stuff, I get up immediately, like, nothing happens. Like, this kind of stuff, you know?. I like that. \
See, if you go with that, you could just be hopping out that day or something away. That's I'm simple. You just pull you're trying to holler at a girl on rode day or you hop out. \
You don't have to. You for a. Like, go there or like she spt me or something? \
Yeah, I'm like, what?. She' proud of. And it's like, you reg and then you just walk past the camera and then like the title of just shows and then, you know, keep it simple. \
That's that New York shit crush driver.. Oh, is he crushing the girl? No, no, no. \
She did it. Everybody good. Top tier, 10 out of ten. \
Okay. I don't. So, car, who else is gonna be there? \
I mean, they're gonna be supporting actors. We need to. need to wear something special. So can we organize that? \
Absolutely. Tom, where we get a tiger fur? Joe exclusive, my celebrity dylist. \
He specializing as furs.. And then also, as far as the extravagant type of rock star outfit you want, I'll get that from Alex from my designer firm. And then we can just give those back. \
You know that star nose that have like the rock star. Yes, I do. that my friend owns that store. And we can just give it back when we're done right now. \
Yeah. We can literally, like,.. All right. \
Let's outfits taken care. Next problem. Anything sal live, I know. \
Not only Alred, but also jewelry. Yep, that comes. Is something else. \
St. It's all.. It's all's. \
As long as we got a budget, we can get anything you want. Well, there you go. I think we can facilitate that. \
Yeah. So, okay, so the Fitz is taken care of, we need the car. I think that the best bet is to do it safe. \
Go to Beverly Hills, where they have the nice cars and say, hey, how much for a day for this supercar. I don't want to go through like some weird third partying people. I mean, how' you find those people who have the cars? \
We'll just go. just go. Or what was your question? How do you know? \
I just car? You' cannot just drive around. You don't find. \
No, no, no, no, no. Rodeo drive right next to Rodeo, they have that big showroom with all those different cars and they have a place where you can rent like the best of the best of the best cars. There's one in the, too. \
But don't you know this guy is? Oh, yeah, the one on. No, I got the. \
What? Yeah, the rappers. Oh! \
We got it. Don't worry about a thing. I got the spot with the cars. \
I got the, too. Oh, my God. Oh my gosh, with the one on Belrose, they got the cool.. \
It's one in the right from my. They have the craz cars everywhere. I'm like, is this real life? \
They have like $10 million in their fucking parking lot. Their parking lot's the biggest this freaking space right here. This is Hollywood. \
But where do we shoot that? Do we shoot it right with the cars or do we go somewhere? No, we go somewhere, somewhere slide. \
Maybe the canyons. Like, what about your country to have with a car? You knew somebody who has cars. \
Yeah, I know, a bunch of people with cars. You, you know, they're going to be.. Oh, you want a convoying it for that word? \
Hmm? You want a convoy? No,. \
Oh. Um, yeah, I have those too, and I have multiple options for people that have the car rental things. So we have a whole variety of cars to choose from. \
There's never going to be a shortage of cars. Yeah. isn't it ain't really going to be a shortage. You know what you, we can get. \
Then we have the outfit, we have the car, the tiger. So you get a tiger? I can get the tiger I need to get rid. \
I'm waiting for him to message me back. I already messaged him about it. I'm pretty sure the tiger is so the tiger's an actor. \
Like, it's a. It's an actor. You're hiring a animal actor. \
So let's say he wanted to do a movie, right? How would you get the tiger? You'd have to hire the act. \
There's tigers and animals and things you can hire to be in your movie, to come with a handler. They do the whole thing. And so you just say this is what we want to do. \
So when you get the tiger, we're not just going to you know, there will be like a guy over here. If you know what I'm saying? And he's like the specialist. \
You know, make sure it's cool. You know what I'm saying? Take the tiger back.. \
So, yeah, but I know the guy who does the, he can get owls. We have like, really chill owls. So I'm not drinking, man. \
No. I'm just saying. I'm tired. \
If you, if you't interview, oh, wow, that. If you did interview, you had I had an eagle. I have an eagle. \
I have an eagle in Hollywood right now. But look, no, we put up Owl on Drake. and we put a tiger in your lap, while, you guys do the conversation that would be. Like their favorite animal? \
They go they have their favorite animal, you have yours? Yeah, like there would be like a tiger or we could just chain a full grown tiger in the back that's kind of walking back and forth and then we'll have like owls, like in there. How big is the tiger? \
I don't know. How many years? How big is you? \
to see? Yeah. They have a tiger, so you could whether they be baby, medium, or large.. \
All that stuff you talking about this is Hollywood. Everything is in a phone call. Yeah. \
Everything from. And I got a phone. to, to cars. I would take a big one to the. \
Right. That's what I'm thinking. A big one with a big chain and have them in the back like this. \
So we I rented a tiger for a music video. I just showed it to Toma the other day. D Teo. \
But before that, are we not saying anything else? Yeah, we are, but We just need to figure out who else's going to be in the. Who's going to be on the camera. \
Supporting can characters. just get on. It's going to be in the camera. Figure out that the prices in the budget after you get every gets the total of what you need. \
And then you do a total I'm keeping it focused. I'm like Let me me call it f sit back in adjust this let's not worry about anything.. Let's just focus on getting. \
This one together, all the logistics that we need there on the shoot date and then after that we can proceed to like start thinking about it. You find it? Yes, sir. \
Which is in the amigo. Yeah, you said so far, I won't. Okay, so And look, guys, we have to figure. \
I told you this before. We have to figure something out. We cannot now spend a fortune on this. \
This is just a start. No. We're going to spend a lot of money on the other videos. \
Correct. So we have to be careful now not to go like crazy, spend a million on that. Okay, Okay, but that's it, that's it, excuse me. \
But with that's it, you're speaking of crazy far out, expensive ideas. You want big tigers. That's not, that's really expensive. \
If you want, like the most amazing cars, that's not the budget and the things that you're saying that you want is not on even mediocre.. Budget. Right. ask for tigers and really extravagant things, you're not asking for you know what I mean? \
It's not even. It's not going to be. I don't think it's going to be scary. \
It's going to be a million, but it's gonna be, but what I'm saying is tiger my friends. what he's asking for astronical type of like. Yeah. It's like Kashian type of. \
Yeah, no. I got. Yeah. \
They We have to talk about Seattle. Look, for example, for the car for those kind of things, we have to try to get because we're going to need them more and more time. We have to get tononsors, people who are going to give us those things. \
And they're our sponsors. We have to see this long term we have to take care of that because we're going to need something over and over again. So we can give something back. \
So don't when we pull up to them, when we say that, and I would be like, look, bro, we want to do business with you. We're gonna do multiple videos. We're trying to do this. \
Like, and we would love to come to you for every single one of them. But if not, we'll find somebody else, because it's LA. It's LA. and you sp money with people they want to come. \
Yeah, I think that's cool. But we just need to kind of know what I? Let's put those things together and check it so you can give me an estimation what you think. \
You know what we're saying? What's your budget so we know, like they know like like, what is the budget you want to say? You don't want to spend more than a share. you what you want to spend, job. \
What's the budget you want to? I mean, we gonna, the videos are gonna make. We're gonna spend around 5,000 per day on the video when this is there for marketing only. \
You how many days? So. Not forever. \
I mean, at least for a few weeks. So a video shoot? Are we talking about? \
No, after this released. We're going to make sure it's everywhere on Google, on Instagram. We're going to pay people to. \
Okay, that's 5,000 a marketing every day. Yeah. Okay. \
Afterwards, you pump it up.. Okay, we just talked about the shoot. Right. \
You're jumping all the way to marketing now. We're No, I'm just saying I'm just saying that we have a huge amount. we're putting in there. So we have to reduce a little bit what we're gonna put. \
Exactly. So you tell us what's the budget is for the photo shoot that you're asking for Tigers and what you want us to get like what you wanted to get together. What's the budget? \
So we know the max of what we're going for. It's hard to say, man.. I mean, there's no budget, but it has to be like something that's feasible, that's all. \
We have to see how much. because I have to write down no idea what we talking about. So let's put together how much this would be, and then we can adjust and see what we can do. If we can get a document, talking like $10,000, $20,000, like to do, like to have the budget to do a party because when you're calling things and you're trying to make things happen, though, it's like why call for a tiger if we have a $5,000 budget? \
Yeah. It's going to cost $5,000 just for the tiger. And that might be for a discount. \
So even with favors that we know, because I personally have been in the business for many years. I worked with Giani Fasace, Terry Mlair, Jean Paul Gaautier. I come from a all the supermodels, Naomi Campbell. \
So I come from where photo shoots, I'm very, very familiar with, and the one that you're speaking of is a very elaborate, beautiful shoot. And the budgets for photo shoots sometimes can run, you know, $100,000, so we're not even in that type of game, but give us type of a clue of like, what type of budget you want for a shoot that you want, because it gives.. It gives you that gives. \
It gives a spectrum can go a ceiling to stay within them.,000. You want I mean, you could be as what you wanted. But when you're saying you want things like tigers and stuff like that, it's, we have budget. \
We can first shoot. We have to keep us low as possible. We can go. \
We don't. We can go source everything and get the prices and write them down and stuff, but we still need to know, like. When you a flow. \
Like, how much do you not want to spend over? What's your limit? When you say low as possible We' not going to make money with this video, okay? \
This video's not going to make us any money. So that's why I'm saying. The other video's going to make us money. \
That's underst. But I know. You have to tell me. \
You have to Nobody can't tell you because you' figure it out. You have to tell him what your budget or your minimum budget you want to spend on a video. so he doesn't just go. Go make a plan. \
We're going to talk about it. Yeah, I know what he's. I know what he wants, that's what you here having. \
It's ultimately, ultimately this video is going to probably be like, it's going to probably be like 12 racks or less. Yeah, that's what I was thinking. It's going to be. \
Because my mentality is for every one million views he gets for his video, he's going to make $4,000 back. So if this video can do at least $1 million.. Which one do you mean? \
You this intro video. Intro money. Oh, right. \
We will never uploaded. Right. It's just. \
Oh, that's right. It should be something small, just for protecting the people. And you want a tiger. \
But why can't you put it in a title intro? That's a big budget for some reason. No, no, no, because I get it, like, this. \
You said if you get a tiger, you said you have friends with a tiger. But. For? \
Yeah, a tiger, it's like a. My friend Molly Moll had a tiger. I could ask Molly M to bring the tiger, but even ain't bringing the tiger over for free, I can call Molly. \
How much?ger? How much you want? \
I don't know because I've never asked him for a tiger, but I can guarantee you it's not going to be in the hundred. It's be in the thousands.. I could try. \
But you could even probably Google what it is to rent a title. just an average right down people. No, I get you you got to go ask him.. You got. \
Oh, yeah, I know, you good. N.. what you saying? I feel like you? \
I mean, yeah, people the budget.... My friend price range $30 million man. It's easy.. \
I think this weekend for sure get probably for free. Like somewhere we can something. We don't have to go inside somewhere. \
We can be outside of France. Of course. So this is not a living issue. \
We have to see for the other things. It's just the polarization. What are the elements of polarization that's going to be shocking this? \
I mean, we could break it down in the four levels of virality. What are they going to accomplish? What's the obstacle? \
He's going to be slipping and falling. That's the obstacle. What's the polarization? \
It's gonna be the jacket, it's going to be the car, it's going to be the jewelry, it's going to be whatever. And then the philanthropy is, I want to work with you, act, whoever XY and I'm going to make sure you get $1 million deues, I'm going to give you an experience you never had. I'm going to curate a new type of experience on YouTube that's never been done before. \
And the closest thing we can relate it to is like mixing like hot ones and like Mr.Beast. Or like a podcast in Mr. Beeast. I think it's like that in that podcast that Drake and Yachty did, but yeah. \
But like times one billion. Yeah. What did it do? \
You ain't see the Drake and Yachty you? No, they just They just talked on a private island. Excellent. \
But it was my. I feel like it's, very what you're going for. Yo, look at different like samples and see, like, I don't even give you more. \
And then I also the thing that I want to do with you, bro. Because I guarantee you Drake and I want to in. I guarantee you the budget is over $20,000. \
Oh, sure. Yeah. So. \
I mean, this is nice background, but it's boring this spot, just sitting down there and talking, but I's just because it's Drake, because it's Drake. Everything he does anything. a helicopter, shoots some 50 c. Now we would never watch it. \
I' never wash it. It's. I actually never watch it. \
For that matter, what I'm doing. I want in the shoe is done. that's what it is. It's.s do it. \
Now you want one of you and somebody going to get their friends. gives me.. in exchange for one million views on YouTube and we will, put into the description of the video of the stylist, the car, the whatever. It's good advertising. I mean, if they don't go for that, then at least give us to this or work with us. \
But that's what we need to play. Because eventually we're going to get everything like, oh I want you You can't make you can't They just want. I know, you know what you wanted like that. \
It's just getting the mindset what we could do getting the point across to the viewing of this is bigger than life. Okay, so. I believe, if you don't Yes, we have}